[EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)]
â— Instances
The initially limited to launching 20 EC2 Instances per VPC.


[Launch Types]
On-Demand - It allows you to pay a fixed rate by the hour with no commitment. 
Spot Requests - Can get a discount of up to 90% compared to On-Demand.
                Instances that can lose at any point of time if max price is less than the current spot price.
                If the current spot price > max price you can choose to stop or terminate the instance with a 2 minutes grace period.
Reserved Instances - Up to 75% discount compared to On-Demand.
                     It reserve a specific Instance Type.
                     Reservation period can be 1 OR 3 years. 
Dedicated Hosts - Physical dedicated EC2 server for your use.



[Instance Types]
General Purpose - instances provide a balance of compute, memory and networking resources, and can be used for a variety of diverse workloads.
Compute Optimized - instances are ideal for compute bound applications that benefit from high performance processors.
Memory Optimized - instances are designed to deliver fast performance for workloads that process large data sets in memory.
Accelerated Computing - instances use hardware accelerators, or co-processors, to perform functions, graphics processing, more efficiently than is possible in software running on CPUs.
Storage Optimized - instances are designed for workloads that require high, sequential read and write access to very large data sets on local storage.

[Tenancy]
Shared - The multiple EC2 instances from different customers may reside on the same piece of physical hardware.
Dedicated Instance - It's physically isolated host hardware dedicated to a single customer account.
                     Dedicated Instances are Amazon EC2 instances that run in a VPC on hardware that dedicated to a single customer. 
                     Dedicated Instances are physically isolated at the host hardware level from instances that belong to other AWS accounts.
                     Dedicated Instances may share hardware with other instances from the same AWS account that are not Dedicated instances.
Dedicated Host - The host hardware physically dedicated to a single customer account.
                 An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server with EC2 instance capacity fully dedicated to your use. 
