While creating a bucket name should be unique gobally.
EG:- BUCKET_NAME = MyBucket			# Again u can't create bucket with the same name across the global.
In Bucket can upload object like Photos, Videos, Documents, Files, PDF, ...etc.
Create 100 Buckets per account.
The objects size support from a minimum of 0 bytes to a maximum of 5 TB.
Largest single file objects upload is 5 GB.
Multi part upload for objects from 5 MB up to 5 TB. 

Storage Classes
---------------
● Standard
It is the default storage class if none of the storage class is specified during upload.
Frequently accessed data because it provides low latency and high availability.
Offer high durability to performance for object stored.
It is the most expensive storage class among all others.
It store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ).
● Intelligent-Tiering
It moves objects that have not been accessed for 30 consecutive days to the infrequent access tier.
If the object is accessed then it is automatically moved back to the frequent access tier.
It for storing long-lived data where the access patterns are unknown.
It store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ).
● Standard-IA (Infrequent Access)
Infrequently accessed data.
Long-lived and less frequently accessed data.
The S3 Standard-IA is ideal for backups, long-term storage, and as a data store for disaster recovery.
It store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ).
Min storage duration is 30 days.
● One Zone-IA (Infrequent Access)
Since the other S3 storage class store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ), the stores data in a single AZ and costs 20% less than S3 Standard-IA.
Min storage duration is 30 days.
● Glacier
S3 Glacier is a low-cost storage class for data archiving where data access is infrequent. (OR) It is much cheaper than S3.
May take several hours for the objects to get restored.
It provides a configurable retrieval time for the data from minutes to hours. (OR) Archive data with retrival times range from minutes to hours.
It store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ).
Min storage duration is 90 days.
● Glacier Deep Archive
The data that may be accessed only once or twice in a year.
Long-term data archiving with retrieval times within 12 hours.
It can also be used for backup and disaster recovery.
Retrieval costs can be reduced by using bulk retrieval.
It store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ).
Min storage duration is 180 days.
● Reduced Redundancy
Frequently accessed, non-critical data.
It store data in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones (AZ).

[Versioning]
Keep multiple version of an Object in the same Object.

[Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)]
If request data from another S3 bucket need to enable CORS.
CORS allows to limit the number of websites that can request files in S3.
CORS configuration is a JSON file.