[Virtual Private Cloud (VPCs)]
Default limit for per-region is 5 VPC.

[Subnets]
Default limit for per-region is 200 Subnets per VPC.
For each Subnet 5 IPv4 addresses CIDR will be reserved per VPC.
AWS reserves 5 IP address in each subnet CIDR block - Network Address, AWS VPC router, DNS Server, Reserved by AWS for future, Broadcast Address.
Public Subnet
-------------
If a subnet's traffic is routed to an internet gateway, the subnet is known as a Public Subnet.
A public subnet is a subnet that is associated with a route table that has a route to an Internet gateway. This connects the VPC to the Internet and to other AWS services.
A public subnet has an outbound route that sends all traffic through what AWS calls an Internet Gateway (IGW).
A public subnet has a route table that says, send all outbound traffic (anything to the CIDR block 0.0.0.0/0) via this Internet Gateway.
Private Subnet
--------------
If a subnet doesn't have a route to the Internet Gateway, the subnet is known as a Private Subnet.
A Private Subnet is a subnet that is associated with a route table that doesn’t have a route to an Internet Gateway. Instances in the Private Subnet are backend servers they don’t accept the traffic from the internet.
A Private Subnet needs to talk to the internet via NAT (Network Address Translation).
A private subnet either does not allow outbound traffic to the internet or has a route that says, send all outbound traffic via this NAT Gateways OR NAT Instances.
Backend Servers in the Private Subnet does not accept traffic from the internet. EG:- Resources like SQL Database needs internet connection for updating records but it should not accept the request from the internet.

[Route Tables]
If specifices how packets are forwarded between the subnets within your VPC, the internet, and your VPN connection.

[Internet Gateways]
It is a virtual router that connects a VPC to the internet.

[Peering]
A peering connection enables you to route traffic via private IP addresses between two peered VPCs.

[Security Groups]
It will acts as a virtual firewall for your instance to control inbound and outbound traffic.
Security Groups - stateful, can work EC2 Instance level, permit rules only.

[Network ACLs (NACL)]
NACL is stands for "Network Access Control List".
It is an optional layer of security that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of a subnet.
Inbound rules control the incoming traffic that's allowed to reach the VPC & Outbound rules control the outgoing traffic that's allowed to leave the VPC.
NACL - stateless, can work Subnet level, permit & deny rules only.
The Rule number are evaluated starting with the lowest numbered rule for both Inbound rules and Outbound rules.
The Rule number start with 100 for Allow/Deny permissions in Inbound rules and Outbound rules.
The Rule number * is a default of Network ACL that Deny all the traffic for Inbound rules and Outbound rules, Can't change it. 
Ephemeral Ports
---------------
An ephemeral port is a temporary communication hub used for Internet Protocol (IP) communications.
An ephemeral ports are alternative/random ports used in Incoming and Outgoing traffic for any Protocol.  
An ephemeral port range is 32768 to 65535 used for Inbound rules and Outbound rules. 
An ephemeral port is applicable to Inbound rules and Outbound rules in NACL.
● Linux kernels (including the Amazon Linux kernel) use ports 32768-61000.
● Elastic Load Balancing use ports 1024-65535.
● Windows operating systems through Windows Server 2003 use ports 1025-5000.
● Windows Server 2008 and later versions use ports 49152-65535.
● NAT Gateway uses ports 1024-65535.
● AWS Lambda functions use ports 1024-65535.

[Network Address Translation (NAT) Gateways]
Is associate with a Public Subnet {allocate 1 ip address in Public Subnet} and Elastic IP. 
No need to have a Security Group.
No need to disable Source/Destination check.

[Network Address Translation (NAT) Instances]
Its from Community AMI.
Then disable Source/Destination check for NAT Instance.	
Before disable Source/Destination check - the traffic allow to in but traffic doesn't go out, After disable Source/Destination check - then any traffic it sends or receives.    
Must be in Public Subnet.
There must be route out of Private Subnet and point to NAT Instance.
Need to have a Security Group for NAT Instance.
The amount of traffic that NAT Instance supports depends on the instance size.

Compare NAT Gateways and NAT Instances
--------------------------------------
[NAT Gateways]
Managed by AWS.
Bandwidth upto 45 Gbps.
The Elastic IP address to associate with a public NAT Gateway at creation. The Elastic IP address can't be detached. 
Cann't associate with a Security Group.
Bastion servers are not supported.

[NAT Instances]
Managed by us.
Bandwidth of the EC2 instance type. 
The Elastic IP address or a public IP address with a NAT instance. You can change the public IP address at any time by associating a new Elastic IP address with the instance.
Can associate with a Security Group.
Bastion servers are supported.